What are you talking nonsense about? You are not qualified to be the emperor, are you?
I never thought about becoming emperor,
It’s because you thought I wanted so much imperial power,
You let Mr. Bai read and harm me, and then let yourself conquer more imperial power step by step.
So what? As long as you are my target,
I move one by one. But the emperor is your biological son,
For imperial power. Can you kill your own son?
But as long as I want it
You can do business again at any time
And you will listen to me even more than now
Love Qi and blood deficiency
I'm afraid I won't do business again
It's impossible for you to shut up
I just want to be the first queen in the world
let you all
They will all be in this group under my corner
Is it really that important?
no power
What power do people have?
for power
I can give up everything
What about husband?
Including everyone in the world, you are wrong
Even if you have the power
Losing the one you love and the one who loves you
Your life is meaningless
You, the woman who avoided me all your life
Since you want to be with him
Then I'll give you a punch
Someone comes and kills them
You should not even keep people who call you "Don't"
Already subdued by the emperor's position
You have a violent personality
Restoration without supervision
Already lost my mind
The ministers treat you
Even more alienated
Just wait for the Emperor to express your disapproval, Your Majesty
I've already been softly close to you
The Queen Mother's Affair
I suddenly thought that it was you who pressed into the building in Wangtu City.
Stay and feel down
Then what, what, what emperor?
i want to kill you